for Oh crunchy biscuits I've got here in
this bowl two and a half ounces of
porridge oats and two ounces of jumbo
oats and they're going in the bowl
together and then here I've got three
ounces of Demerara sugar and the
Demerara sugar is what makes the
biscuits nice and crunchy all you do is
just mix those two types of oats
together don't worry if you can't get
jumbo oats you can make these biscuits
using all porridge oats so don't worry
too much about that but it's nice to
have the two textures if you can and
then just one more ingredient and that's
four ounces of melted margarine which
you melts in a saucepan being careful
not to let it burn just melts and then
you just mix all that up together this
is so easy but now I did tell you these
were even easier than the last lot
because there isn't even any rolling up
to do all you do is have ready a seven
by 11 inch tin well greased and that's
about one inch deep and you just
long-haul the oatmeal mixture straight
into the tin like that what could be
easier then using your hands just spread
it all out as evenly as possible getting
up well into the corners I spend a bit a
little bit more time when you're doing
it than I am so that you get it a little
bit more even than that and then the
nice thing about these is they can be
cooked in exactly the same temperature
as the ginger biscuits so if you want to
do a bit of batch baking you can make a
whole lot of biscuits all in one go 375
gasps mark five and I'm going to get
some out of the oven now and show you
what they look like when they come out
of the oven
there we are there's sort of you've
turned a nice golden-brown color but the
mixture will still be a little bit soft
and that's quite normal just like with
the ginger biscuits and what you then do
is you take a knife whilst they're still
warm and cut down the center like that
and then across like that and then what
you want is 12 bars and then leave them
in the tin it's a cool completely and
when they've cooled they'll go nice and
crisp and crunchy